The dean represents the law of Kyoto
Your sister stole something and you dare to resist law enforcement
Well, I have a hundred ways to pry his mouth
I-I really didn't steal it.
If you say you didn't steal it, you didn't steal it.
How do you put that thing? It's gone in a while
It grew wings and flew away
Words are unfounded
Just look at your monitoring, okay?
Go have a look
I don't know who cut the monitoring line.
Okay, Xiao Qianru
How can you?
I didn't expect you to have a plan
Now what else do you have to say?
It's really not me.
I don't have it.
I see you don't cry without seeing the coffin.
I have a way to pry your mouth open
Since you say my sister stole something
Dare to make a bet with me?
Didn't you just take off my sister's clothes?
If my sister hadn't stolen anything
Do you dare to take off your clothes and parade through the streets?
Do you dare to gamble?
Okay, bet on calling someone for me
Boy, if you can't prove he didn't steal anything
I'll send him to jail then.
What your sister said is so fine-skinned and tender
I'm afraid it will be robbed and used as a plaything
Hahahaha